XPYI301210 TXDA-1
marryettam@onlc.com
10:30 - 10:45
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM
2:30 -  2:45

When importing libraries, a lot of times I see this kind of thing:
import os
import os.path
Isn't this redundant?  Why is it necessary to import os.path if I've already imported all of os?

it is not necessary, just common practice, or you can just import os.path if all you need is to check for a file , create a new one, etc . we have this in an upcoming module where we walk through what it can do but conventionally people do import both. 

i thnk from a memory standpoint, under the hood, importing the specific os.path is supposed to make it faster even with importing os

but if all you need is os.path thats all you have  to import

ok thanks so much.  So it's best to call both from a memory perspective

Ok thanks

So you can nest dictionaries within each other?  cool

Random questions for later:
- what about pip install...I see this a lot
- why doesn't a range show up in variable explorer?
- how do I set the working directory in Spyder to go to the directory I want, i.e. C:/python/py_intro

I'm not sure I understand the solution to all_true
Since return True is at the bottom of the function, why doesn't it always return True, regardless of what was set previously inside the for loop?


"return" ends the function. so once it returns anything, anywhere, that's it. 

ASO if it  has not returned false inside the loop, then it will retrun true once the loop is done

Aha ok.  That's very helpful.  I'm used to return not being evaluating until the end of the function, but in Python it soudn slike it acts like a "break" command

yes

btw
spyder is weird with ranges. to get it it to show up, you click the gear icon at the top right of the variable explorer and uncheck "exclude unsupported" 

pip install is a way to install packages that are not currently on your system. it connects to a repository where all registered packages live, and you can either install a new package or update an existing one....packages house the modules you import

if you are interested in what sorts of packages are out there you can check out the python package index or pypi

if you are using anaconda, it comes with its own package installer: conda install  (at the command line), does the same thing. 

your working directory should be set when you change that directory at teh top of the spyder window. 

ok that;'s really helpful thanks! 
The path at the top is correct, but when I hit the open file at the top left, it opens a different folder, and I'm trying to set the default location for that open file 

according to this it shoould be using the py_intro folder

yeah I tried that but still is using this other folder...no idea...

very strange, but you can always open files from tehe file explorer as well. 

thats's true...ok no problem- thanks again!



Why not use time.time() instead of time.perf_counter()?


Works for me on Chrome

Thanks



















